hello friends and welcome
at cf unboxing and now i want to
here you more berners-lee bucknor
Publish the publication and that
short to good luck spoke a lot
the whole is on 25 june 2015
along with some other romancier
books appeared and that was yes
mostly all movies by Tim Burton
There we had corpse bride sweeney todd
and charlene chocolate contract
all when was super therefore had to
I also like that ebook that
she really horny but before we in
we will first dedicate ourselves to mood
look at the banderole give that
Wrapped in a script gave me the fsk
flensburgers logo and the basket
lettering and behind the info
imitated steelbook edition
By the way, the whole thing is amazon too
exclusive and likely soon
be sold out like the others
slicks so here we have the back
fat info description with it and
Of course, the main actor will be one
Of course again by Johnny Depp
So johnny dork is what the
save film from tim bed is present
really good friends
That's why he's always there
as well as many tons of hangover the
here also gives the voice of one
great figure of a speaker with it
can you read the book the movie is going 77
minutes
and here we have a picture of dolby
digital 5.1 So the movie is synonymous
from the year 2005
That's why you can actually say
Innovations interest really cool just in
these classes tim burton style and in it
is already a little bit in number
9 on of templeton and I love
Just this animation style from him and
his movies are simply all always
very remarkable and very remarkable
I'm all really cool now
Do we have the dealbook which I think right
Cool is that we are the moon of the
sor punched everything in the
Mouth in it is very marked that head
shaped by the globe and also the two
Heads here it tries you all
to show if you can see that
I do think that really cool
shaped here and the moon is
stamped which includes the heads are
shaped and everything is just here
so dull and the figures are highland
that looks really cool it's front
Ex works really cool then let's go
here to spin about everyone with the
analogy
the office and tim burton's header
writing relatively simple and black
held
but I think that's okay
on the back we have the again
moon the whole now no longer coined
still very cool here with easy
Float the glossy deposits of
rest is looks really cool on a
and some more information from
werner that's always the case
otherwise it is correct so far
cool ebook what's up then
of course, a really cool in the
the first ever ever blu-ray
disc with the fsk logo still with the level
logo one else is not really
I think it's really cool
So we also had a cool artwork
on the disc like donation and have now
Here's the cool part in the artwork
all of it figures out pretty cool
very colorful and very colorful
So I have to say it is again
a really cool Berners-lee book
become the right film and strengthen
if the movie did not have it yet
wants to buy herself in her buy
In any case this can be
cool team bouygues this is the
whole amazon exclusive thinks to
steelbook is in the info description
otherwise what is now short with my
Presentation of this pretty Sieburg
to corpse bride another tim burton
film with the voices of johnny depp and
helena bonham carter in the original
of course, and now yours will be mine
We are interested in this cool one
love club finds or for example too
the film and yes are happy thumbs after
top me if you guys this video
otherwise I could have liked it
Of course also like to subscribe if the
We wanted to support each other
next video friends of enjoy